### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?
It is a command-line tool used to interact with database servers. It allows you to create, modify, and query databases, as well as manage users and permissions.

- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?
SQL is a language used to manage relational databases, while PSQL is a command-line tool used specifically to interact with PSQL databases.

- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?
sudo serivce postgresql start, then psql
- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?
HAVING filters rows after grouping has been applied and WHERE filters rows based on individual rows. HAVING is aggregated and WHERE is not.

- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?
INNER join returns only commons rows from both tables, while OUTER join returns all rows from at least one table, and matching rows from the other table. 

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?
LEFT OUTER - all records from left table are included along with matching records from right table.
RIGHT OUTER - all records from right table are included along with matching records from left. 

- What is an ORM? What do they do?
ORM stands for Object-Relational Mapping. It is a programming technique that maps between a relational database and an object-oriented langauge. It allows devs to manipulate data more efficiently, without having to worry about the underlying details of the database.
Some features include: 
Mapping db tables to objects
Providing API's for creating, reading, updating and deleting data(CRUD)
SQL queries based on the objects and the data being manipulated. 

- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX 
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?
AJAX requests are initiated from the client-side using JS, and the response is used to update the UI without refreshing the page.
`requests` is a python library that allows devs to mae http requests from hte server-side with flexibility. It is useful for web scraping, where the code needs to fetch data from other sites. 

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?
Cross-Site Request Forgery. The token is a security feature used to prevent unauthorized actions by a user. It is a unique value that is generated by the server and sent to the client within the web form. When a user submits a form, the server checks that the CSRF token is valid and matches the one sent to the client. 

- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
It generates a hidden input field containing a CSRF token which is used to protect against CSRF attacks. The token is included with form data when it is submitted and it is verified by the server. It is normally in the HTML form code and be generated by Flask-WTF.
